README.md, before:

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/wWjqhW6.jpg" width="530">

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/PolymerX/polymer-skeleton.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PolymerX/polymer-skeleton)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/PolymerX/polymer-skeleton.svg?style=flat-square&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/PolymerX/polymer-skeleton)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/PolymerX/polymer-skeleton.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PolymerX/polymer-skeleton/issues)
[![XO code style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-XO-5ed9c7.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/xo)
[![Polymer Skeleton](https://img.shields.io/badge/polymerX-SKELETON-435877.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PolymerX/polymer-skeleton)

> A mininum boilerplate to deliver a Polymer 3.x with Webpack, PostCSS and Service Workers ready.

## Features

* [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) 4
* [webpack-dev-server](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-dev-server) with hot reloading active.
* [PostCSS](http://postcss.org/) with many plugins.
* Service Workers generated by [Workbox](https://workboxjs.org/) through the [workbox-webpack-plugin](https://www.npmjs.com/package/workbox-webpack-plugin) (just for `build`)
* Copy statics file on `dist` folder (like `vendor/webcomponents-loader.js` and others)
* [standard-version](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/standard-version) is bundled for managing versioning and changelogs.

#### Loaders

* [babel-loader](https://github.com/babel/babel-loader) with the [babel-preset-env](https://github.com/babel/babel-preset-env) enabled for the [**last 2 versions**](https://babeljs.io/docs/plugins/preset-env/) and babel-plugin-transform-object-rest-spread installed.
* [text-loader](https://github.com/dfenstermaker/text-loader) - Load HTML templates as string.
* [postcss-loader](https://github.com/postcss/postcss-loader) - Load PostCSS into the `<style>` scoped tag of Polymer elements as string.


#### Developing

Start the `webpack-dev-server` on localhost `http://localhost:3000` with hot-reload and watch on `.pcss` files.

```bash
yarn dev
```


#### Test

XO for code style, Stylelint for PostCSS linting, and WCT for components tests:

```bash
yarn test
```

Run [Lighthouse](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse) for testing the PWA capabilities:

```bash
yarn test:lighthouse
```

#### Build

(Almost) production-ready (`webpack --optimize-minimze` and copy statics) to `dist` folder. Also generating Service Workers.

```bash
yarn build
```


## Styling components with PostCSS

During development `.pcss` files will be watched, compiled and injected to the relative `<style>` tag within the component template. The CSS is scoped to the component so don't worry about CSS specificity, you can also use `:host`, `:host-context` and `:root` selectors. Read more about [styling web components](https://www.polymer-project.org/2.0/docs/devguide/style-shadow-dom) and [custom CSS properties](https://www.polymer-project.org/2.0/docs/devguide/custom-css-properties).

We also include Autoprefixer plugin, if you don't know how it works (...and you should), it allows you to write CSS without worrying about vendor prefixes. Just write your css properties prefix-free and let autoprefixer do the work for you when compiling.

**How about commons styles?**
You can simply `import` any other `.pcss` file within your main component `.js` file and print it inside the `template()`.


## [**@webcomponents/webcomponentsjs**](https://github.com/webcomponents/webcomponentsjs)

We are getting the `webpcomponents-loader.js` polyfill from GitHub using NPM/Yarn and copying it into a `vendor` folder with a `Node` script.

Commit message:

chore: readme reference for polymerx-cli

README.md, after:


# Template for [PolymerX CLI](https://github.com/PolymerX/polymerx-cli)

Install using the CLI

```bash
$ polymerx create default dest-folder
```

<img src="https://i.imgur.com/wWjqhW6.jpg" width="530">

[![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/release/PolymerX/polymer-skeleton.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PolymerX/polymer-skeleton)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/PolymerX/polymer-skeleton.svg?style=flat-square&branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/PolymerX/polymer-skeleton)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/PolymerX/polymer-skeleton.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PolymerX/polymer-skeleton/issues)
[![XO code style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-XO-5ed9c7.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/sindresorhus/xo)
[![Polymer Skeleton](https://img.shields.io/badge/polymerX-SKELETON-435877.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/PolymerX/polymer-skeleton)

> A mininum boilerplate to deliver a Polymer 3.x with Webpack, PostCSS and Service Workers ready.

## Features

* [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org/) 4
* [webpack-dev-server](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-dev-server) with hot reloading active.
* [PostCSS](http://postcss.org/) with many plugins.
* Service Workers generated by [Workbox](https://workboxjs.org/) through the [workbox-webpack-plugin](https://www.npmjs.com/package/workbox-webpack-plugin) (just for `build`)
* Copy statics file on `dist` folder (like `vendor/webcomponents-loader.js` and others)
* [standard-version](https://github.com/conventional-changelog/standard-version) is bundled for managing versioning and changelogs.

#### Loaders

* [babel-loader](https://github.com/babel/babel-loader) with the [babel-preset-env](https://github.com/babel/babel-preset-env) enabled for the [**last 2 versions**](https://babeljs.io/docs/plugins/preset-env/) and babel-plugin-transform-object-rest-spread installed.
* [text-loader](https://github.com/dfenstermaker/text-loader) - Load HTML templates as string.
* [postcss-loader](https://github.com/postcss/postcss-loader) - Load PostCSS into the `<style>` scoped tag of Polymer elements as string.


#### Developing

Start the `webpack-dev-server` on localhost `http://localhost:3000` with hot-reload and watch on `.pcss` files.

```bash
yarn dev
```


#### Test

XO for code style, Stylelint for PostCSS linting, and WCT for components tests:

```bash
yarn test
```

Run [Lighthouse](https://github.com/GoogleChrome/lighthouse) for testing the PWA capabilities:

```bash
yarn test:lighthouse
```

#### Build

(Almost) production-ready (`webpack --optimize-minimze` and copy statics) to `dist` folder. Also generating Service Workers.

```bash
yarn build
```


## Styling components with PostCSS

During development `.pcss` files will be watched, compiled and injected to the relative `<style>` tag within the component template. The CSS is scoped to the component so don't worry about CSS specificity, you can also use `:host`, `:host-context` and `:root` selectors. Read more about [styling web components](https://www.polymer-project.org/2.0/docs/devguide/style-shadow-dom) and [custom CSS properties](https://www.polymer-project.org/2.0/docs/devguide/custom-css-properties).

We also include Autoprefixer plugin, if you don't know how it works (...and you should), it allows you to write CSS without worrying about vendor prefixes. Just write your css properties prefix-free and let autoprefixer do the work for you when compiling.

**How about commons styles?**
You can simply `import` any other `.pcss` file within your main component `.js` file and print it inside the `template()`.


## [**@webcomponents/webcomponentsjs**](https://github.com/webcomponents/webcomponentsjs)

We are getting the `webpcomponents-loader.js` polyfill from GitHub using NPM/Yarn and copying it into a `vendor` folder with a `Node` script.
